README.md, before:

---
runme:
  id: 01JYJ0Y49Q8865N5WZYRTWQCZ7
  version: v3
---

# Semantic Kernel - Advanced AI Development Framework

**Copyright (c) 2025 Bryan Roe**  
Licensed under the MIT License

---

## 🚀 Overview

This is an advanced artificial intelligence development framework created by Bryan Roe. It represents significant original work building upon the semantic kernel paradigm with extensive enhancements and new capabilities.

## ✨ Key Features

- **Advanced AI Integration**: Sophisticated AI and machine learning capabilities
- **Semantic Computing**: Enhanced semantic kernel implementation
- **Multi-Language Support**: Python, TypeScript, JavaScript, and .NET implementations
- **Extensible Architecture**: Modular design for easy customization
- **Comprehensive Tooling**: Development tools and utilities
- **Production Ready**: Robust deployment and infrastructure support

## 📁 Project Structure

This repository is organized into several key areas:

- `01-core-implementations/` - Core semantic kernel implementations
- `02-ai-workspace/` - AI development workspace and tools
- `03-development-tools/` - Development utilities and samples
- `04-infrastructure/` - Infrastructure and deployment configurations
- `05-documentation/` - Project documentation
- `06-deployment/` - Deployment scripts and configurations
- `07-resources/` - Shared resources and assets
- `08-archived-versions/` - Historical versions and archives
- `09-agi-development/` - Advanced AGI development components

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+
- Node.js 16+
- .NET 6.0+
- Docker (optional)

### Installation

```bash {"id":"01JYJ0Y49H1P6BXMXV9F12Z6G3"}
# Clone the repository
git clone <repository-url>
cd semantic-kernel

# Install Python dependencies
cd python && poetry install

# Install Node.js dependencies
cd ../01-core-implementations/typescript && npm install

# Install .NET dependencies
cd ../dotnet && dotnet restore
```

### Quick Start

```python {"id":"01JYJ0Y49J0AB60P3EWFEZHSE3"}
# Python example
from semantic_kernel import Kernel

kernel = Kernel()
# Your AI code here
```

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see [CONTRIBUTORS.md](CONTRIBUTORS.md) for guidelines.

**Important:** All contributions must respect the existing copyright and attribution structure.

## 📜 License & Attribution

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

### Attribution Requirements

When using this software, please provide proper attribution:

```sh {"id":"01JYJ0Y49KTTK5M6D1WYG28HAV"}
Based on work by Bryan Roe
Copyright (c) 2025 Bryan Roe
Original project: Semantic Kernel - Advanced AI Development Framework
```

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Microsoft Corporation for the original Semantic Kernel framework
- The open-source community for various libraries and tools
- All contributors to the AI and machine learning ecosystem

## 📞 Contact

For questions, collaborations, or to learn more about this work:

- **Author:** Bryan Roe
- **Project:** Semantic Kernel - Advanced AI Development Framework
- **License:** MIT

---

**Note:** This project represents original work by Bryan Roe. While it builds upon existing technologies, significant original contributions and enhancements have been made. Please respect the copyright and attribution when using this work.

Commit message:

docs: document new automation workflows

README.md, after:

---
runme:
  id: 01JYJ0Y49Q8865N5WZYRTWQCZ7
  version: v3
---

# Semantic Kernel - Advanced AI Development Framework

**Copyright (c) 2025 Bryan Roe**  
Licensed under the MIT License

---

## 🚀 Overview

This is an advanced artificial intelligence development framework created by Bryan Roe. It represents significant original work building upon the semantic kernel paradigm with extensive enhancements and new capabilities.

## ✨ Key Features

- **Advanced AI Integration**: Sophisticated AI and machine learning capabilities
- **Semantic Computing**: Enhanced semantic kernel implementation
- **Multi-Language Support**: Python, TypeScript, JavaScript, and .NET implementations
- **Extensible Architecture**: Modular design for easy customization
- **Comprehensive Tooling**: Development tools and utilities
- **Automation Workflows**: GitHub Actions for maintenance, issue management,
  security scanning, code quality checks, releases, and deployment
- **Production Ready**: Robust deployment and infrastructure support

## 📁 Project Structure

This repository is organized into several key areas:

- `01-core-implementations/` - Core semantic kernel implementations
- `02-ai-workspace/` - AI development workspace and tools
- `03-development-tools/` - Development utilities and samples
- `04-infrastructure/` - Infrastructure and deployment configurations
- `05-documentation/` - Project documentation
- `06-deployment/` - Deployment scripts and configurations
- `07-resources/` - Shared resources and assets
- `08-archived-versions/` - Historical versions and archives
- `09-agi-development/` - Advanced AGI development components

## 🤖 Automation Features

This project includes an extensive set of GitHub Actions workflows to
automatically maintain the repository and streamline development. Workflows cover
maintenance tasks, intelligent issue management, security scanning, code quality
analysis, release automation, and multi-environment deployment. See
[`04-infrastructure/.github/workflows/README.md`](04-infrastructure/.github/workflows/README.md)
for full details.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8+
- Node.js 16+
- .NET 6.0+
- Docker (optional)

### Installation

```bash {"id":"01JYJ0Y49H1P6BXMXV9F12Z6G3"}
# Clone the repository
git clone <repository-url>
cd semantic-kernel

# Install Python dependencies
cd python && poetry install

# Install Node.js dependencies
cd ../01-core-implementations/typescript && npm install

# Install .NET dependencies
cd ../dotnet && dotnet restore
```

### Quick Start

```python {"id":"01JYJ0Y49J0AB60P3EWFEZHSE3"}
# Python example
from semantic_kernel import Kernel

kernel = Kernel()
# Your AI code here
```

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see [CONTRIBUTORS.md](CONTRIBUTORS.md) for guidelines.

**Important:** All contributions must respect the existing copyright and attribution structure.

## 📜 License & Attribution

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

### Attribution Requirements

When using this software, please provide proper attribution:

```sh {"id":"01JYJ0Y49KTTK5M6D1WYG28HAV"}
Based on work by Bryan Roe
Copyright (c) 2025 Bryan Roe
Original project: Semantic Kernel - Advanced AI Development Framework
```

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Microsoft Corporation for the original Semantic Kernel framework
- The open-source community for various libraries and tools
- All contributors to the AI and machine learning ecosystem

## 📞 Contact

For questions, collaborations, or to learn more about this work:

- **Author:** Bryan Roe
- **Project:** Semantic Kernel - Advanced AI Development Framework
- **License:** MIT

---

**Note:** This project represents original work by Bryan Roe. While it builds upon existing technologies, significant original contributions and enhancements have been made. Please respect the copyright and attribution when using this work.
