python/samples/demos/README.md, before:

## Semantic Kernel Demo Applications

Demonstration applications that leverage the usage of one or many SK features

| Type              | Description                                     |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| assistants_group_chat | A sample Agent demo that shows a chat functionality with an OpenAI Assistant agent. |
| booking_restaurant | A sample chat bot that leverages the Microsoft Graph and Bookings API as a Semantic Kernel plugin to make a fake booking at a restaurant. |
| copilot_studio_agent | A sample that shows how to invoke Microsoft Copilot Studio agents as first-party Agent in Semantic Kernel|
| copilot_studio_skill | A sample demonstrating how to extend Microsoft Copilot Studio to invoke Semantic Kernel agents |
| guided_conversations | A sample showing a framework for a pattern of use cases referred to as guided conversations. |
| processes_with_dapr | A sample showing the Semantic Kernel process framework used with the Python Dapr runtime. |
| telemetry_with_application_insights | A sample project that shows how a Python application can be configured to send Semantic Kernel telemetry to Application Insights. |

Commit message:

Add AI chat demo for Semantic Kernel

python/samples/demos/README.md, after:

## Semantic Kernel Demo Applications

Demonstration applications that leverage the usage of one or many SK features

| Type              | Description                                     |
| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| ai_chat_app          | A console AI chat companion that auto-invokes Semantic Kernel plugins such as time and note taking. |
| assistants_group_chat | A sample Agent demo that shows a chat functionality with an OpenAI Assistant agent. |
| booking_restaurant | A sample chat bot that leverages the Microsoft Graph and Bookings API as a Semantic Kernel plugin to make a fake booking at a restaurant. |
| copilot_studio_agent | A sample that shows how to invoke Microsoft Copilot Studio agents as first-party Agent in Semantic Kernel|
| copilot_studio_skill | A sample demonstrating how to extend Microsoft Copilot Studio to invoke Semantic Kernel agents |
| guided_conversations | A sample showing a framework for a pattern of use cases referred to as guided conversations. |
| processes_with_dapr | A sample showing the Semantic Kernel process framework used with the Python Dapr runtime. |
| telemetry_with_application_insights | A sample project that shows how a Python application can be configured to send Semantic Kernel telemetry to Application Insights. |
